We used to talk about the tourist game in the area.
with one more video of feet 2015 in full
next year he is back
the demanding species or are people
the league's asset is back in
Who knows, now it's the quarter of
final né
it's 158 players if I'm not mistaken
I'll leave the list in the channel description
that will be available within this
The manager is a little
I already won here playing the cup of
challenges against computer cup comes
here in cup challenges against the
computer and will have the uefa champions
league, I have contracts expired
here to help me, right?
The show will have a team here to show
you
coconut cultivation and there is only one loser
here it rained to put out that only
to protest and show you here is just
come here cup of challenges against
computer and it's the first cup you
dispute it we play against
computer
It's four games, and you guys
win him in the first victory that is the
uefa champions league that eff that is
quarterfinals
first, this is not always the first
first phase of the galera then you will have the
second phase to that of the quarterfinals
then you will have the assemp nice after going
have the final then we'll have there
I believe the konami will do it the
So, guys, we'll have some.
businessmen in the course of the next
weeks to italy was so prepare
guard gp is for power and hope that
the real madrid and barcelona
wrap up the madri in the chicken for
You can go out with the last businessman.
take the Christian Ronaldo if they kill
to take Christian Ronaldo out of town
good is the following and I already won the
I've already played the cup here and already
come I need to bring it to you
the hiring of the gallery but before I
I want to show you some things
which were still the last update
of the galley is still with 50% of
discount is for you to increase the
spaces here is also from 90 to 95
15,000 gps of the galerinha so take advantage
to increase the spaces also for
be able to make the scheme of hiring the
players for the team of dreams
I 'll come back with the time series
dreams the people enjoy this
businessman'm saving weight in
top on top with 63,000 gps not yet
I had plenty of time to play more
63,000 gps and I'm going to try
add 300 thousand gps to bring is one per
Week the galera so let's go in
I would rush to bring you there in the
challenge online people have a drink
also from uefa you earn 5000 gps
has another video on the channel that shows
a part of me vying for
I'm going to earn that 5 thousand pesos too.
leave in the video description of the
galerinha is this let's go there
hiring is in addition to the
businessman the guys we have here in
contact the technicians who are also
this week there is the technique
we have the guardiola with another formation
for the galley that the 3322 formation that the
guys do not like to play with three
Defenders are very risky in the crowd
but for whom, even the
business can play with this training
and give dance né and oil dash oil leaves
an acquisition that I'm going to make
The little gallery on the dream team, I'm going
to the acquisition of the Northeast
so be prepared that we will have another
training beyond the guardiola and I want
common as bonuses still hire said the
technician who has management of
800 only that will not make much difference
because I already have guardiola in this formation
from the sign on the galley then thinking here
né or pick up the deluxe dash is sure to
I'll get the galerinha
Let's go for hirings, yes, but on 1
the action will roll some more
joke businessman has 82 gang
I'm going to make a special video only
using hirings with these
business people the galley so prepare
You're a better businessman, and I got one.
time of uefa champions league stark efe
that's quarterfinals quarterfinals
is 62 per cent chance of a ball
Come on, it's the first one.
since I 'm running businessman it
it costs 10 thousand gps or 250 more coins
clubs the galley
but I 'm running for free because I
I won and we are going to hug in the galera pro.
hug like the black ball and if everything goes
right right
two gold ball twisting by the black ball
and I have not only had a little gallery not
I'm really lucky
the first gold we have there otelo tip
left tello fast fast player
almost a flash galera here goes
and also in training with the
northeast on it then no player to
I'm not putting together a team of
X 7 also with another technician
guys, it's a team that I'm going to
using to earn to make money in
master to master nec where you can
reach up to 18,000 GPS in one hour and
I have the video on the channel and I
leave in description so are three levels
in the description of the galerinha is the link of 18
GPS is not however an hour and a half and the link
how to earn the five gps which is a
party I brought playing badly is
talking about the online divisions of the gallery is
This is what you liked, let me tell you
favorite video to subscribe to the channel and
I'll leave the application also the link with
the entire list of players that will be
available in that that entrepreneurs
gallery wanted rooms